I"Ð<h1 id="meeting-notes-november-1st-2018-">Meeting Notes November 1st, 2018 :</h1>

<h2 id="ncl-regular-season-starts-tommorowowowowo">NCL Regular Season Starts Tommorowowowowo!</h2>

<h2 id="picoctf-writeup---bugg">PicoCTF Writeup -&gt; @bugg</h2>

<h2 id="def-con-funding-proposal---bugg">DEF CON Funding Proposal -&gt; @bugg</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Proposal boiled down to:
    <ul>
      <li>Hard deadline of in/out + funded by mid-spring semester</li>
      <li>Funding deadline means whatever isnâ€™t raised through work/donations is self-funded with option for refunds after for post-deadline work/donations.</li>
      <li>Group funding gets split as decided by group, was generally suggested to be equally split.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Agreement was made that we should use the proposed funding model</li>
  <li>Fundraising officer agreed to take-on the duty of determining funding quotas based on preliminary logistics with a deadline-ish of early next semester.</li>
  <li>Treasurer agreed to setup Patreon.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="bake-sale---iguana">Bake Sale! -&gt; @Iguana</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Weâ€™re having a Bake Sale November 14th in the Union from 10am-5pm</li>
  <li>Still need moar bakers!</li>
</ul>

<p><br />
@Bugg</p>
:ET